OOPS 
Object-oriented programming is used to implement entities.
It is a methodology to develop and design programs using classes and objects.
ADV:-
Modularity= Big programming ko chote chote tasks me divide kar sakte hai.
            Isme methods ka use kar sakte hai.
Resusablity= jo bhi modules or methods banegye usko resuable kar sakte hai.
Flexiable= hamre programme ko design honi chahiye object orients ke throgh hamre programme 
          aasani se mention ho sake or chijo ko adop kar sake or in furture kabhi bhi modified kar sake.

java is not pure object-orient programming language beacuse 
pre-defined data types in java (bytes, long, short, int, double, float,char,& boollean)
are treated as objects.
hence, it is not an object-orient language.

To make them OOps, we have wrapper class, which actually 
"wrap" the primitive data type into an object of the class.

class=
A class is a model/templets/blueprint for creating an object.
A class is a logical entites.
A class is a user defined data types.
class us object ke properties and behaviors use krne ke liye hai.

object =
A object is a physical entity which exits in the real worlds.
charteristics:-
              Identifaction(name of  the object)
              properties(variables)
              Behavious(function/methods)
polymorphism-1. poly means many & morphism means"from'
             2. if the develop the feature such that it can have more than
                on from developing on the situation.
             3. ploymorphism is application only on methods and on variable.
ex-A person at the same time can have different characteritics
   like a man at the same time is a father a husabnd an emplyee.

Encapsulation-1.Encapusation in java is a mechanism of wrapping the data(variable) 
                and code acting on the data(methods)
                together as asingle unit.
   a). deaclare the variable of a class as private.
   b). provide public setter and getter methods to modify ans view the variables view.

Inheritance- Inheritance is a process to parent class to child class 
             with in intersation reusing it.
java at class level does not support multiple inheritance but 
at interface level its support multiplay inheritance.
1) sigle inheritance
2) Multiplay level inheritance
3) Hierachical inheritance
4) hybride inheritance

Abstraction-
-hiding and implemntion deatils and showing only functionality
 to the user.
-Another way it shows only essentially things to the user and hides the interal details.
 And the body achieves it by using interface and abstract class.

DATA hiding
here make the variable private so that this variable cannot be accessed.
outside of class data hiding is applicable only a variable and not on methods.

constructor
1. constructure is a special methods, which is invoked automatically
   at the time of object creation.
2. it is used to initalise the data member as class or structure
a)constructor have the same name as class or struture.
b)construtre don't have a return type(not even void).
c)contrutre are only called once, at object creation.
constructure overloding
=here we created more than one constructue in the samme class provide.
they are differnet number of Argments or different types og Argements.

constructor chaining
=when we call a contructor from another constructor using 
'this keyword it is called as construtor chaining.


